docs: add APISIX-unity-group-q&a.md (#1551)
iresty/iresty.github.io: blog/en/blog/2023/04/07/apisix-unity-group-q&a.md

---
title: "Unity Group's APISIX Experience: User-friendly, Robust, and Delightful"

> description: "This is an interview with Lukasz Biegaj, a system architect of Unity Group. The interview is presented in a Q&A format. In this interview, Lukasz Biegaj will focus on the changes that APISIX has brought to their company."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Lukasz Biegaj, System Architect of Unity Group, shares the changes that APISIX has brought to their company in the interview."
```

slug: "/blog/apisix-unity-group-q&a"
category: "Case Studies"
cover_url: ""

> published_at: "2023-04-11 12:30:00"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
published_at: "2023-04-11T00:00:00Z"
```

author_bio: ""
canonical_url: ""
---

We are honored to have Lukasz Biegaj, the System Architect of Unity Group, as our guest in this interview. Unity Group is one of the leading providers of e-commerce solutions in Poland. They have been facing the challenge of strong separation of roles, which has significantly increased their workload. This interview is presented in a Q&A format. Lukasz Biegaj will provide us with a detailed overview of the challenges that their company faced before adopting APISIX, the reasons behind selecting APISIX after comparing it with other alternatives, how APISIX resolved their pain points, and an overall assessment of their experience using APISIX.

## Background Information

**1. Would you give me a quick overview of Unity Group?**

Unity Group is one of the largest providers of e-commerce solutions in Poland. The company exists for 25 years and has been providing technology for the digital transformation of enterprises. Most of our clients are e-commerce companies. We offer support in business and technology consulting, as well as software development. 

**2. Can you describe your role and your team?**

> I'm a System Architect working with a team of 11 DevOps engineers. We design, implement and launch large-scale sites mainly related to e-commerce.We often use cloud services and Kubernetes as a platform to launch applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm a System Architect working with a team of 11 DevOps engineers. We design, implement and launch large-scale sites mainly related to e-commerce. We often use cloud services and Kubernetes as a platform to launch applications.
```

Second challenge: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in general. Everyone can see the new LLM slash GPT craze. It is a disruptive technology. I can foresee more and more adoption of it in many projects.

**2. What’s your plan for the next half year?**

Create and deploy great projects. Provide more globally-used services. It's great to see your software used worldwide. 

**3. Is there anything we can do to improve our product or process for working together in the future?**

I don't like to nitpick, but if you're really interested, I have mixed feelings regarding the bitnami's etcd dependency. I'd like it replaced to not rely on a component delivered by a 3rd party.

**4. How would you describe APISIX if you explained it to a friend?**

I'd say it's a Kubernetes-native, powerful, and simple-to-use API Gateway.

**5. Could you please use one sentence to summarize your feeling about APISIX?**

Simple to use, powerful, and enjoyable to use.

## Summary

> "Simple to use, powerful, and enjoyable to use." - This is the evaluation of APISIX by Lukasz Biegaj, the system architect of Unity Group. With its superior performance and Kubernetes-native and open-source features, APISIX has become the ultimate choice for Unity Group. APISIX allows Unity Group to easily set up an environment that can be accessed by development teams in multiple projects to quickly prototype, create, and deploy production-ready workloads, addressing the problem of strong separation of roles and reducing time costs. If you are facing the same problem as Unity Group, please feel free to contact us. By choosing APISIX, you will solve your problems effortlessly!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Summary

"Simple to use, powerful, and enjoyable to use." - This is the evaluation of APISIX by Lukasz Biegaj, a System Architect of Unity Group. 

With its superior performance and Kubernetes-native and open-source features, APISIX has become the ultimate choice for Unity Group. APISIX allows Unity Group to easily set up an environment that can be accessed by development teams in multiple projects to quickly prototype, create, and deploy production-ready workloads, addressing the problem of strong separation of roles and reducing time costs. 

If you are facing the same problem as Unity Group, please feel free to contact us. By choosing APISIX, you will solve your problems effortlessly!
```

> ---
> title: "Unity Group's APISIX Experience: User-friendly, Robust, and Delightful"
> description: "Lukasz Biegaj, System Architect of Unity Group, shares the changes that APISIX has brought to their company in the interview."
> slug: "/blog/apisix-unity-group-q&a"
> category: "Case Studies"
> cover_url: ""
> published_at: "2023-04-11T00:00:00Z"
> tags: ["APISIX", "Unity Group", "AWS", "Separation of Roles"]
> author_name: Qi Zeng
> author_avatar_url: "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/129834194?v=4"
> author_bio: ""
> canonical_url: ""
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: "Unity Group's APISIX Experience: User-friendly, Robust, and Delightful"
authors:
  - name: Qi Zeng
    title: Author
    url: https://github.com/Qizeng-api7
    image_url: https://github.com/Qizeng-api7.png
keywords:
  - APISIX
  - Unity Group
  - AWS
description: Lukasz Biegaj, System Architect of Unity Group, shares the changes that APISIX has brought to their company in the interview.
tags: [Ecosystem]
image: https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2023/04/11/ezfWGPrZ_img_v2_a46a7006-fb19-4a45-a8f3-ac195e5cbcfg.png

> Lukasz Biegaj, System Architect of Unity Group, shares the changes that APISIX has brought to their company in the interview.

<!--truncate-->
```

> 

Reviewer 2: You'll have to redo this part and add `truncate` before merging.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36651058/231078232-930be8a6-21c3-41f7-997f-fccc21b41f23.png)

```
---
title: "Unity Group's APISIX Experience: User-friendly, Robust, and Delightful"
authors:
  - name: "Qi Zeng"
    title: "Author"
    url: "https://github.com/Qizeng-api7"
    image_url: "https://github.com/Qizeng-api7.png"
keywords: 
- APISIX
- Unity Group
- AWS
- Separation of Roles
description: Lukasz Biegaj, System Architect of Unity Group, shares the changes that APISIX has brought to their company in the interview.
tags: [Ecosystem]
---

> Lukasz Biegaj, System Architect of Unity Group, shares the changes that APISIX has brought to their company in the interview.

<!--truncate-->
```
See blog/zh/blog/2023/03/30/what-is-wasm-and-how-does-apache-apisix-support-it.md for details.

Reviewer 2: `tags: []` are fixed with these values, choose one tag or more tags that is suitable for this blog.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36651058/231079607-7e0183a7-b8b0-470e-b51e-d5f44b397cca.png)

---

> title: "Utilize APISIX in E-commerce: User-friendly, Robust, and Delightful"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Utilize APISIX in E-Commerce: User-friendly, Robust, and Delightful"
```

---

> title: "Unity Group's APISIX Experience: User-friendly, Robust, and Delightful"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: "Utilize APISIX in E-commerce: User-friendly, Robust, and Delightful"
```

authors:
  - name: Qi Zeng
    title: Author
    url: https://github.com/Qizeng-api7
    image_url: https://github.com/Qizeng-api7.png
keywords:
  - APISIX
  - Unity Group
  - AWS
description: Lukasz Biegaj, System Architect of Unity Group, shares the changes that APISIX has brought to their company in the interview.
tags: [Ecosystem]
image: https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2023/04/11/ezfWGPrZ_img_v2_a46a7006-fb19-4a45-a8f3-ac195e5cbcfg.png

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

---
```

> Lukasz Biegaj, System Architect of Unity Group, shares the changes that APISIX has brought to their company in the interview.

<!--truncate-->

> 

Reviewer 3: Let's insert a quote from the interviewee here

We use the built-in Prometheus plugin to consume and process data metrics, to create alerting rules and dashboards visualizing the application state.

**2. Were there any internal risks or additional costs involved with implementing APISIX? If so, how did you address them?**

I don't think we took any risks. Granted, this was a new software, a new solution, but being an open-source one we could comfortably test it in a proof-of-concept scenario.

It took some hours, but - I believe - not as much as would sending team members to workshops to learn an alternative, commercial solution.

**3. How do you and your team currently use APISIX? What types of goals or tasks are you using APISIX to accomplish?**

At the moment it is our go-to API Gateway of choice in Kubernetes environments.

It allows us to easily set up an environment that can be perused by development teams in many projects to quickly prototype, create and deploy production-ready workloads.

**4. What was the most obvious advantage you felt about APISIX?**

Single most obvious advanteage: the ease of use.
More advantages: being Kubernetes-native and open-source.

> ## Achievements after Using Our Products

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Achievements after Using APISIX
```

Reviewer 3: Since the article is published on apisix.apache.org, let's do not use "our product" the term; instead, say APISIX directly

**1. By using APISIX, can you measure any improvements in productivity or time savings?**

For projects using the APISIX, the time-to-market is considerably shorter and we - as a team or as a company - are able to deliver solutions more quickly.

**2. In the beginning, you had concerns about the maturity of APISIX; how do you feel about them now?**

> We're very used to using open-source projects, and it is of great concern for us for the projects to be actively maintained. We've run into some issues with the helm charts at the beginning, but there either were fixed quickly (a bug report for one was already being fixed and merged) or our patches were quickly accepted into the main branch. In summary, we feel that the project is active, that it cares about its users and we currently have no concerns about its development.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We're very used to using open-source projects, and it is of great concern for us for the projects to be actively maintained. We've run into some issues with the helm charts at the beginning, but they either were fixed quickly (a bug report for one was already being fixed and merged) or our patches were quickly accepted into the main branch. In summary, we feel that the project is active, that it cares about its users and we currently have no concerns about its development.
```

## Future Goals

**1. What are the biggest challenges on the horizon for your industry?**

> There is a great document describing trends that my company foresees: https://www.unitygroup.com/blog/e-commerce-development-in-2023-trends-and-expert-tips/

Reviewer 3: Let's remove this paragraph for now (remove the link)

From my perspective, the key challenges are:

First challenge: M A C H. Where M stands for Microservices, A for API First, C for Cloud Native, and H for Headless. It's a great trend, but it's also a great challenge. How to enable teams to focus on individual areas and how shift the performance where it's needed? How to make the connection to the infrastructure? APISIX is one of the tools that enable us to deliver such solutions.

Second challenge: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in general. Everyone can see the new LLM slash GPT craze. It is a disruptive technology. I can foresee more and more adoption of it in many projects.

**2. What’s your plan for the next half year?**

Create and deploy great projects. Provide more globally-used services. It's great to see your software used worldwide. 

> **3. Is there anything we can do to improve our product or process for working together in the future?**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**3. Is there anything we can do to improve APISIX or process for working together in the future?**
```

---

> title: "Simple to use, powerful, and enjoyable to use-Unity Group's user experience of APISIX in interview"

Reviewer: The title is long. Maybe we can use shorter ones:
1. Unity Group's APISIX Experience: User-friendly, Robust, and Delightful
2. APISIX through Unity Group's Eyes: Streamlined, Potent, and Pleasurable

Or more better ideas

description: "This is an interview with Lukasz Biegaj, a system architect of Unity Group. The interview is presented in a Q&A format. In this interview, Lukasz Biegaj will focus on the changes that APISIX has brought to their company."
slug: "/blog/apisix-unity-group-q&a"
category: "Technology & Products"
site: ["api7.ai"]
cover_url: ""

> published_at: "2023-04-07 00:00:00 UTC"

Reviewer: Is it correct or shall we change it to 2023-04-07T00:00:00Z?

> ---
> title: "Simple to use, powerful, and enjoyable to use-Unity Group's user experience of APISIX in interview"
> description: "This is an interview with Lukasz Biegaj, a system architect of Unity Group. The interview is presented in a Q&A format. In this interview, Lukasz Biegaj will focus on the changes that APISIX has brought to their company."
> slug: "/blog/apisix-unity-group-q&a"
> category: "Technology & Products"
> site: ["api7.ai"]
> cover_url: ""
> published_at: "2023-04-07 00:00:00 UTC"
> tags: ["APISIX", "Unity Group","AWS","Separation of Roles"]
> author_name: Zeng Qi
> author_avatar_url: ""
> author_bio: ""
> canonical_url: ""
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: "Simple to use, powerful, and enjoyable to use-Unity Group's user experience of APISIX in interview"
description: "This is an interview with Lukasz Biegaj, a system architect of Unity Group. The interview is presented in a Q&A format. In this interview, Lukasz Biegaj will focus on the changes that APISIX has brought to their company."
slug: "/blog/apisix-unity-group-q&a"
category: "Case Studies"
cover_url: ""
published_at: "2023-04-07 00:00:00 UTC"
tags: ["APISIX", "Unity Group", "AWS", "Separation of Roles"]
author_name: Qi Zeng
author_avatar_url: "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/129834194?v=4"
author_bio: ""
canonical_url: ""
---
```

We are honored to have Lukasz Biegaj, the System Architect of Unity Group, as our guest in this interview. Unity Group is one of the leading providers of e-commerce solutions in Poland. They have been facing the challenge of strong separation of roles, which has significantly increased their workload. This interview is presented in a Q&A format. Lukasz Biegaj will provide us with a detailed overview of the challenges that their company faced before adopting APISIX, the reasons behind selecting APISIX after comparing it with other alternatives, how APISIX resolved their pain points, and an overall assessment of their experience using APISIX.

## Background Information

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: One blank line is enough

**1. Would you give me a quick overview of Unity Group?**

Unity Group is one of the largest providers of e-commerce solutions in Poland. The company exists for 25 years and has been providing technology for the digital transformation of enterprises. Most of our clients are e-commerce companies. We offer support in business and technology consulting, as well as software development. 

**2. Can you describe your role and your team?**

> I'm a System Architect working with a team of 11 devops engineers. We design, implement and launch large-scale sites mainly related to eCommerce.We often use cloud services and Kubernetes as a platform to launch applications.

Reviewer: Maybe we should keep consistent when using "eCommerce" and "e-commerce"

> I'm a System Architect working with a team of 11 devops engineers. We design, implement and launch large-scale sites mainly related to eCommerce.We often use cloud services and Kubernetes as a platform to launch applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm a System Architect working with a team of 11 DevOps engineers. We design, implement and launch large-scale sites mainly related to eCommerce.We often use cloud services and Kubernetes as a platform to launch applications.
```

**3. What was your team's process before using APISIX?**

A few years ago, we had a process of designing and implementing applications that were strongly separated. The system administrator teams created the infrastructure, installed the components, and set up the deployment mechanisms. And the Development teams used them, focusing basically only on writing code and pressing the 'Deploy' button.

This separation has become very blurred in recent years. Roles such as DevOps have emerged, and even developers themselves often want to be involved in deployment preparation or component selection.

> From the technical view, almost all components that we deploy require some form of HTTP communication. A few years ago, we used simple web servers, like the Apache Web Server. As the projects grew, we started using load balancers, like for example haproxy or nginx as they supported HTTP/2 before Apache2 and could be used as a reverse proxy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the technical view, almost all components that we deploy require some form of HTTP communication. A few years ago, we used simple web servers, like the Apache Web Server. As the projects grew, we started using load balancers, like for example HAProxy or NGINX as they supported HTTP/2 before Apache2 and could be used as a reverse proxy. 
```

We use the built-in Prometheus plugin to consume and process data metrics, to create alerting rules and dashboards visualizing the application state.

**2. Were there any internal risks or additional costs involved with implementing APISIX? If so, how did you address them?**

I don't think we took any risks. Granted, this was a new software, a new solution, but being an open-source one we could comfortably test it in a proof-of-concept scenario.

It took some hours, but - I believe - not as much as would sending team members to workshops to learn an alternative, commercial solution.

**3. How do you and your team currently use APISIX? What types of goals or tasks are you using APISIX to accomplish?**

At the moment it is our go-to API Gateway of choice in Kubernetes environments.

It allows us to easily set up an environment that can be perused by development teams in many projects to quickly prototype, create and deploy production-ready workloads.

**4. What was the most obvious advantage you felt about APISIX?**

Single most obvious advanteage: The ease of use.

> More advantages: being Kubernetes-native and open-source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single most obvious advantage: the ease of use.

More advantages: being Kubernetes-native and open-source.
```

## Achievements after Using Our Products

**1. By using APISIX, can you measure any improvements in productivity or time savings?**

For projects using the APISIX, the time-to-market is considerably shorter and we - as a team or as a company - are able to deliver solutions more quickly.

**2. In the beginning, you had concerns about the maturity of APISIX; how do you feel about them now?**

We're very used to using open-source projects, and it is of great concern for us for the projects to be actively maintained. We've run into some issues with the helm charts at the beginning, but there either were fixed quickly (a bug report for one was already being fixed and merged) or our patches were quickly accepted into the main branch. In summary, we feel that the project is active, that it cares about its users and we currently have no concerns about its development.

> ## Future goals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Future Goals

```

**1. What are the biggest challenges on the horizon for your industry?**

There is a great document describing trends that my company foresees: https://www.unitygroup.com/blog/e-commerce-development-in-2023-trends-and-expert-tips/

From my perspective, the key challenges are:

> First challenge: M A C H where M stands for Microservices, A for API First, C for Cloud Native, and H for Headless. It's a great trend, but it's also a great challenge. How to enable teams to focus on individual areas and how to shift the performance where it's needed? How to make the connection to the infrastructure? APISIX is one of the tools that enable us to deliver such solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First challenge: M A C H. Where M stands for Microservices, A for API First, C for Cloud Native, and H for Headless. It's a great trend, but it's also a great challenge. How to enable teams to focus on individual areas and how shift the performance where it's needed? How to make the connection to the infrastructure? APISIX is one of the tools that enable us to deliver such solutions.
```

Second challenge: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in general. Everyone can see the new LLM slash GPT craze. It is a disruptive technology. I can foresee more and more adoption of it in many projects.

**2. What’s your plan for the next half year?**

> Create and deploy great projects 🙂.  Provide more globally-used services. It's great to see your software used worldwide. 

Reviewer: Shall we delete the emoji?

**3. Is there anything we can do to improve our product or process for working together in the future?**

I don't like to nitpick, but if you're really interested, I have mixed feelings regarding the bitnami's etcd dependency. I'd like it replaced to not rely on a component delivered by a 3rd party.

**4. How would you describe APISIX if you explained it to a friend?**

I'd say it's a Kubernetes-native, powerful, and simple-to-use API Gateway.

**5. Could you please use one sentence to summarize your feeling about APISIX?**

> 
> Simple to use, powerful, and enjoyable to use.
> ## Summary
> "Simple to use, powerful, and enjoyable to use." - This is the evaluation of APISIX by Lukasz Biegaj, the system architect of Unity Group. With its superior performance and Kubernetes-native and open-source features, APISIX has become the ultimate choice for Unity Group. APISIX allows Unity Group to easily set up an environment that can be accessed by development teams in multiple projects to quickly prototype, create, and deploy production-ready workloads, addressing the problem of strong separation of roles and reducing time costs. If you are facing the same problem as Unity Group, please feel free to contact us. By choosing APISIX, you will solve your problems effortlessly!
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simple to use, powerful, and enjoyable to use.

## Summary

"Simple to use, powerful, and enjoyable to use." - This is the evaluation of APISIX by Lukasz Biegaj, the system architect of Unity Group.

With its superior performance and Kubernetes-native and open-source features, APISIX has become the ultimate choice for Unity Group. APISIX allows Unity Group to easily set up an environment that can be accessed by development teams in multiple projects to quickly prototype, create, and deploy production-ready workloads, addressing the problem of strong separation of roles and reducing time costs.

If you are facing the same problem as Unity Group, please feel free to contact us. By choosing APISIX, you will solve your problems effortlessly!

```
